README.md, before:

# fhir-ts

Mono-repo of tools for FHIR development in TypeScript.

## Projects

| Project                                                   | Version                                                                                                                           | Changelog                                            | Description                         |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| [`@tangdrew/primitives`](./packages/primitives)           | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tangdrew/primitives.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tangdrew/primitives)           | [changelog](./packages/primitives/CHANGELOG.md)      | FHIR primitive runtime types.       |
| [`@tangdrew/fhir-ts-codegen`](./packages/fhir-ts-codegen) | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tangdrew/fhir-ts-codegen.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tangdrew/fhir-ts-codegen) | [changelog](./packages/fhir-ts-codegen/CHANGELOG.md) | CLI tool for generating FHIR types. |

Commit message:

docs: add disclaimer to README

README.md, after:

# fhir-ts

Mono-repo of tools for FHIR development in TypeScript.

## Disclaimer

This project is still in early stages of development and should not be considered "production-ready".

## Projects

| Project                                                   | Version                                                                                                                           | Changelog                                            | Description                         |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| [`@tangdrew/primitives`](./packages/primitives)           | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tangdrew/primitives.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tangdrew/primitives)           | [changelog](./packages/primitives/CHANGELOG.md)      | FHIR primitive runtime types.       |
| [`@tangdrew/fhir-ts-codegen`](./packages/fhir-ts-codegen) | [![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tangdrew/fhir-ts-codegen.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tangdrew/fhir-ts-codegen) | [changelog](./packages/fhir-ts-codegen/CHANGELOG.md) | CLI tool for generating FHIR types. |
